what's the nickname od the sydney's harbour bridge?
what's the nickname of sydney?
are funnel web spiders dangerous?
where did ac/dc start its career?
where did richard clapton start its career?
how strong is sydney's harbour bridge?
who has the guinness world record for the largest swimsuit group?
what's the oldes street in Australia?
what can you tell me about the sydney opera house?
what can you tell me about the grand organ?
what can you tell me about the australian museum?
what can you tell me about the mint building?
what can you tell me about the university of sydney?
who attended the national institute of dramatic art?
what can you tell me about the great barrier reef?
are spiders eaten in australia?
where can I find a Kangaroo?
how many kangaroos are there in Australia?
what is a kangaroo?
what is a box jellyfish?
are there snakes in australia?
do tasmanian devil really exist?
do australians like beer?
do australians like wine?
are there pink lakes?
what is the hero's name in the legend of zelda?
what are the names of the ghosts who chae pac man and ms. pac-man?
what's the name of the mythbusters' crash test mummy?
what is an oxford comma?
who was the captain of the enterprise in the pilot episode of star trek?
what is the symbol for the modulus operator in C?
what function is automatically called at the beginning of a C++ program?
which computer programming languages whas introduced by IBM in 1957?
what does the acronym SMTP represent?
what does the acronym MPEG represent?
what does the acronym GIMP represent?
what does the acronym GNU represent?
who is considered as the first programmer?
has a robot ever killed a person?
who was hitchbot?
are self-driving cars safe?
who invented the compiler?
who created the python programming language?
is mark zuckerberg a robot?
what did the robot call it's creator?
why did you run away?
what kind of salad do robots like?
what did you eat for lunch?
why did robots get angry so often?
why shouldn't r2d2 be allowed in movies?
what's your favorite style of music?


